# Radiology Information System
A project for a database course. We are creating a web-based database application system, called Radiology Information System.

A Radiology Information System (RIS) is a computer information system that stores and processes the information for a radiology lab, including all the data regarding patients, and all medical images generated by various diagnostic and therapeutic equipments, such as X-ray, Computed Tomography (CT/CAT), Ultrasound (US), Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). A Radiology Information System is optimally complemented with a Picture Archiving and Communication System (PACS).


In general, the digital images generated by radiology equipments shall be in the format of Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM). (DICOM is the industry standard for transferal of radiologic images and other medical information between computers.) 


----------------------------------------------------

The system must contain the following modules, each with the specified functionalities:

#login module
This module will be used by all users to login to the system with proper privileges, and to modify their personal information and/or the password.

#user management module
This module allows a system administrator to manage (to enter or update) the user information.

#report generating module
This module will be used by a system administrator to get the list of all patients with a specified diagnosis for a given time period. For each patient, the list must contain the name, address and phone number of the patient, and testing date of the first radiology record that contains the specified diagnosis. For example, a system administrator shall be able to use this tool to generate the list of all patients who have been diagnosed having breast cancer in 2014.

#uploading module
This module will be used by radiologists to first enter a radiology record, and then to upload medical images into the radiology record. In reality, all radiology images are atomically uploaded from various radiology diagnostic equipments to the database. In this project, however, you are asked to implement this module to upload an image stored in the user's local file system to the database. A sample uploading program can be found at Samples with source code.

#search module
This module will be used by all the registered users to search the database for a list of relevant radiology records and to view medical images with the zoom-in facility.

#data analysis module
This module will be used by the system administrator (i.e., a user named "admin") to generate and display an OLAP report for data analysis.   A user of this module may choose to display the number of images for each patient ,  test type, and/or period of time.  For example, a user may choose to display the number of images for each patient; or display the number of images  for each test type for each month.

